Added 'Allowed Swipe Direction' property Info (#233)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/resources/ui/widgets/built-in-widgets/swipeablestack.md

![loopcard](imgs/loopcard.avif)

### Allowed Swipe Direction
You can control the directions in which users can swipe cards by adjusting the **Allowed Swipe Direction** property. It enables you to customize how users interact with the SwipeableStack, letting you limit swipes to certain directions or enable swiping in any direction.

To do so, navigate to the **Properties Panel > SwipeableStack Properties > Allowed Swipe Direction**, and select one of the following options:

- **All**: Users can swipe in all directions.
- **Left**: Swipe only to the left.
- **Right**: Swipe only to the right.
- **Down**: Swipe only downward.
- **Up**: Swipe only upward.
- **Vertical**: Swipe up or down.
- **Horizontal**: Swipe left or right.

> For example, in a dating app, you can set the **Allowed Swipe Direction** to **Horizontal**, enabling users to swipe left to "dislike" and right to "like" a profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in Tinder-like Swipeable Cards layout, you can set the **Allowed Swipe Direction** to **Horizontal**, enabling users to swipe left to "dislike" and right to "like" a profile.
```

Reviewer: Tinder-like Swipeable Cards is a famous UI layout design people refer to, so we can directly mention that instead of calling it a dating app.
